## WEEK 2 | DISCUSSION | BEN & JERRY & VISION

Discuss why Ben & Jerry's Mission, Vision, and Values drives their strategy
 - There mission and values are what separate them from there competitors. This is the key part of there strategy besides just upholding there own beliefs. By showing there mission and vision and also demonstrating that what they said is what they do puts them into a whole new category. Since many companies were making the bar so low its almost impressive and amazing that a company with as much success as ben & jerries actually does what they say they will do. To me there strategy isn't   products, social, and economics but instead its focused entirely on separating themselves as a "normal business" that doesn't care. Instead they want the customers to see that they do care about there products and economics of what they are doing.  

Select another company (not mentioned in this chapter) and discuss how their mission, vision, and values MAY/OR MAY NOT be driving their strategy.   
 - The company I will use is current employer Opus Agency. Opus is an large scale event planning company with the mission statement of "We design for success - one shared experience at a time". 
  
 - Now as you can probably see this is a very business orientated mission statement. It deals solely with the "product" that we offer. Which would be event design and planning. This simple statement is key to how we go about our events because we don't see the event creation and planning as the end game of the product. Instead its the interaction, the experience, and what users actually get from the event that makes an event successful. Even throughout covid we have continued to preform better then others by following the statement to continue and design events that can thrive it different environments. Our virtual event sector is growing like crazy for obvious reasons and because of this and we are maintaining the idea that our events need to be shared from person to person in order to succeed.  